c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\DemoEF.UI.dll.config
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\DemoEF.UI.dll
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\DemoEF.UI.pdb
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\DemoEF.DAL.dll
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\DemoEF.DAL.pdb
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\obj\Debug\DemoEF.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\obj\Debug\DemoEF.UI.dll
c:\users\fabiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoEF\DemoEF.UI\obj\Debug\DemoEF.UI.pdb
